Prepare for release 1.1.0 (#4342)
Azure/iotedge: CHANGELOG.md

# 1.1.0 (2021-02-03)

> ## Product-wide changes

Reviewer: Recommend calling this "Supported systems changes" or "Platform Support changes" to have similar language as our [public doc page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/support) on platform support.

Author: Fixed

> * **Remove support for Ubuntu 16.04, add support for 18.04**. Ubuntu will soon end their support for 16.04, so we're changing our support to match.

Reviewer: Suggest saying this bumps the minimum support to 18.04 to match rather than "add support for 18.04".  If the "add" is in the context of the build/test pipelines then wouldn't that represent the min version?  It might also be the max at the moment too.

Author: Fixed

## Edge Agent
### Bug Fixes
* Fix `since` parameter in `GetModuleLogs` direct method [8d9a8e0](https://github.com/Azure/iotedge/commit/8d9a8e0eff2b47b99a4bfb28af2d3501f901c8af)
* Don't pass HTTPS proxy information to the cloud connection for protocols that don't use port 443 [ca2fa42](https://github.com/Azure/iotedge/commit/ca2fa428e3c61fc53ce4d9a58d4d6094e51c4e5c)
* Update config version even when plan is empty [97532d0](https://github.com/Azure/iotedge/commit/97532d05f8ec0777dc41290dc25b2cee0813b66e)
* Fix vulnerability issues in docker images [4dbaa62](https://github.com/Azure/iotedge/commit/4dbaa6207e8e899fdd50dfd3a3b031713964bdb6)

## Edge Hub
### Changes

> * **Edge Hub will now default to using scope-only authentication for leaf devices**. Prior to this release, the default was to try scope auth, but fall back to cloud auth. Because of this change, users must either (1) [establish a parent/child relationship](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/offline-capabilities?view=iotedge-2018-06#set-up-parent-and-child-devices) between the edge device and leaf devices (recommended), or (2) change the default back to its previous value (i.e., set Edge Hub's "AuthenticationMode" environment variable to "CloudAndScope").

Reviewer 2: @ebertrams and @kgremban to help with the wording here. 
My suggestion: 
**Edge Hub allows only child devices to connect by default**
To connect a leaf device to the Edge Hub, users must [establish a parent/child relationship](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/offline-capabilities?view=iotedge-2018-06#set-up-parent-and-child-devices) between the edge device and the leaf device. For previous versions, this was required only for offline scenarios, as for online scenarios Edge Hub would fall back to cloud based authentication for leaf devices that were not children of the edge device. You can configure Edge Hub to go back to the previous behavior by setting the environment variable "AuthenticationMode" to the value "CloudAndScope".

Author: Updated. @ebertrams @kgremban what do you think?

> * **Edge Hub allows only child devices to connect by default**. To connect a leaf device to the Edge Hub, users must [establish a parent/child relationship](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/offline-capabilities?view=iotedge-2018-06#set-up-parent-and-child-devices) between the edge device and the leaf device. In previous versions, this was required only for offline scenarios, as for online scenarios Edge Hub would fall back to cloud-based authentication for leaf devices that were not children of the edge device. You can configure Edge Hub to go back to the previous behavior by setting the environment variable "AuthenticationMode" to the value "CloudAndScope".

Reviewer 2: @ebertrams / @kgremban - can you pls help check the wording of this? This is imp as it is a breaking change.

> * **Edge Hub allows only child devices to connect by default**. To connect a leaf device to the Edge Hub, users must [establish a parent/child relationship](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/offline-capabilities?view=iotedge-2018-06#set-up-parent-and-child-devices) between the edge device and the leaf device. In previous versions, this was required only for offline scenarios, as for online scenarios Edge Hub would fall back to cloud-based authentication for leaf devices that were not children of the edge device. You can configure Edge Hub to go back to the previous behavior by setting the environment variable "AuthenticationMode" to the value "CloudAndScope".

Reviewer 2: `* **Edge Hub allows only child devices to connect by default**. To connect a leaf device to the Edge Hub, users must [establish a parent/child relationship](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/offline-capabilities?view=iotedge-2018-06#set-up-parent-and-child-devices) between the edge device and the leaf device. In previous versions, this was required only for offline scenarios or when using certificate based auth, as for online scenarios Edge Hub could fall back to cloud-based authentication for leaf devices that were using SAS key based authentication. You can configure Edge Hub to go back to the previous behavior by setting the environment variable "AuthenticationMode" to the value "CloudAndScope".`

> * **Edge Hub allows only child devices to connect by default**. To connect a leaf device to the Edge Hub, users must [establish a parent/child relationship](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/offline-capabilities?view=iotedge-2018-06#set-up-parent-and-child-devices) between the edge device and the leaf device. In previous versions, this was required only for offline scenarios, as for online scenarios Edge Hub would fall back to cloud-based authentication for leaf devices that were not children of the edge device. You can configure Edge Hub to go back to the previous behavior by setting the environment variable "AuthenticationMode" to the value "CloudAndScope".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Edge Hub allows only child devices to connect by default**. To connect a leaf device to the Edge Hub, users must [establish a parent/child relationship](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/offline-capabilities?view=iotedge-2018-06#set-up-parent-and-child-devices) between the edge device and the leaf device. In previous versions, this was required only for offline scenarios or when using certificate based auth. For online scenarios Edge Hub could fall back to cloud-based authentication for leaf devices that were using SAS key based auth. With this change, you will require leaf devices with SAS key based auth to be a children of the edge device as well. 
You can configure Edge Hub to go back to the previous behavior by setting the environment variable "AuthenticationMode" to the value "CloudAndScope".
```

Reviewer 3: - "authentication" instead of "auth"
- "you will require leaf devices with SAS key based auth to be a children of ..." -> "Leaf devices with SAS key based authentication require to be a children of...

Reviewer 2: fixed
